I went to the bathroom.
Just giving him a chance.
It's also testing my idea.
You know someone wants to kill you, but you have to give them a chance.
No, I'm going to get you out of here.
Don't worry.
Wait for me to finish the toys.
I will not let you stay with me anymore.
You're mine.
Wash your hands.
Guns.
I finally found it.
Mr. Shen, are you okay?
Why are you in the bathroom so long?
The dignity of the Shen brothers, don't you even believe?
I can't believe that little wave.
I know he s definitely not a worry-saving product.
Slow down.
Mr. Shen, are you okay?
Drink a little too much.
Just pop it out.
Wow.
Ha ha ha
Ha ha ha ha ha
Keep playing haha
Haha.
I dismantled a set.
In the box, of course.
General Review